hey everyone this is Nathan here talking
to you about free money well you know
free money that you earn I'm talking
about scholarships last week Madison
said we've revisit the topic and that's
exactly what we're doing
revisiting the topic as you probably
know scholarships are basically aid for
college they vary in amount of potential
for renewal and criteria needed to apply
there are a ton of scholarship
opportunities available so be sure to
apply to at least a few of them knowing
how and where to find scholarships is
often people's first roadblock but there
are a lot of resources out there to help
you if you're in high school talk to a
counselor or somebody at your school to
figure out what scholarships are
available to you your school might offer
scholarships a local business might
offer scholarships and individuals in
your community might offer scholarships
as well oh and make sure you check out
your future colleges website also for
instance you - mission missions has a
scholarship page where you can browse
through different scholarships available
for incoming students there are also a
bunch of scholarships available for
current students so you can keep
applying for aid even after your
freshman year if you're on campus cruise
pass financial aid and take a look at
their scholarship and deadlines
information right outside their office
and if that's not enough you can still
do general independent research by
looking up scholarship websites these
are websites that last for information
about you things like what major you are
and what kind of things you're involved
in and all that kind of stuff and then
it will search for scholarships that
best fit be careful though a real
scholarship website will never ask for a
down payment on your bank account number
they should be completely free to use
and once you find a scholarship that you
can sink your teeth into fill that puppy
out now this is a step in the process
that can stop a lot of people including
myself from time to time some
scholarships will require an essay and
will want you to fill out a lot of
information about yourself I know this
seems incredibly time-consuming but
think about it if you spend two hours on
an application for $400 and you get it
then you just made $200 an hour nice
right be willing to sacrifice a little
bit of time because trust me it's worth
it
now the last thing that trips a lot of
people up is the whole essay application
itself you really need to make sure that
you do an accurate and well-written
description of yourself this scholarship
committee probably doesn't know anything
about you other than what you
tell them so the more you say about why
you deserve the scholarship the better
think of it like a job interview it's
really not a place for vague answers so
Nate tell me about yourself
well I'm awesome
yeah don't do that also be confident
don't downplay your accomplishments and
don't be afraid to add anything and
everything that might add value to your
application you got to own that
scholarship I mean you're done
proofreading spellcheck doesn't fix
everything and make sure you hand it in
on time also each individual scholarship
will have its own deadline so make sure
you know when that is
and once you hand it in the next step is
just to sit and wait for the gravy train
now you might not get every scholarship
you apply for that's why it's never a
bad idea to apply to a wide variety of
them but it's always worth a try the
only guarantee in scholarships is that
if you don't try and fill one out you
won't get it all right well that's all I
really have to say about this topic so
if you want a bit more information make
sure to check out our blog they'll be
linked in the description below
otherwise keep sending us questions and
comments and we'll be sure to address
them in our upcoming vlogs
alright well see you all next week
as you probably know scholarships are
basically aid for college they vary in
amount potential for something something
as you probably know Hey hi your school
might offer a scholarship a local
business might offer a scholarship a
local business my on for scholarships
and an individual and an individual in
your computer and once you find a
scholarship you can sink your teeth into
fill that puppy out Pam yeah that's I
know it seems incredibly time-consuming
but think about it if you'd spent if you
spend two hours on a four hour an
application for $400 that's a $2.00 I
know this seems incredibly
time-consuming but think about it
nice right
noise sweet otherwise keep sending us
questions and comments and we'll keep
them otherwise you keep sending us
sending us questions and comments also
it will adjust them well address some
good